♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 19) I like you.
Could you like me back?
Zhou Xiao!
We're so dead.
Dad.
(Episode 20: Disapproving Father)
Zhou Xiao!
We're so dead.
Have I told you
my dad is a disciplinary director,
a PE teacher
and a provincial Chinese boxing champion?
Hello, Mr. Zhou.
I'm Zhao Fanzhou,
Zhou Xiao's boyfriend.
Mom, it hurts, it hurts.
It hurts?
Confess everything if it hurts.
Mom.
You've tortured me
before I could say anything.
So tyrannical.
What did you say?
OK. I'll confess everything.
That's more like it.
Answer me.
What's his name and how old is he?
Which college does he go to?
What does he major in?
How big is his family
and where does he come from?
Can you ask one question at a time?
I didn't even remember them.
How can I answer you?
What's his name?
Tell me now.
His name is Zhao Fanzhou.
Nineteen years old.
We're in the same college.
He studies forensic medicine
and he's from Nanshi.
There are three people in his family,
I guess.
He studies forensic medicine?
What's wrong with that?
Why did you react like this? You scared me.
You have prejudice
against forensic medicine.
What makes you think
that I have prejudice against it?
Forensic medicine?
That's the look you had just now.
Every job deserves to be respected,
especially being a ME.
Many people don't dare to do this
or understand it
so we should have more respect for it.
What did I say
that makes you...
Alright. Alright.
Well,
I'll put aside my prejudice,
okay?
That's more like it.
Mr. Zhou,
the water is boiling.
I know.
Okay.
Tell me.
How did you
and he
get in a relationship?
Why do you wanna know about that?
Just tell me.
He's such a handsome chap.
How did you shamelessly chase after him?
Mom,
aren't you too unconfident
about your daughter?
He shamelessly chased after me, okay?
Yes. Yes. Yes.
He chased you. He chased you.
Quickly. Tell me
how he shamelessly chased you.
It started from the first day of school.
That day...
I'll stand up and make myself clear.
Thank you, Mr. Zhou.
A rule of our family
is that you won't drink
before the elders let you.
Okay.
I've got it, Mr. Zhou.
Obeying rules
and behaving properly
are very important,
especially in public.
You know what I mean, don't you?
Zhou Xiao!
Yes,
Mr. Zhou.
Is that all?
That's really all, mom.
Hurry up.
I'm starving.
Please cook.
When has your mom cooked?
Dad,
are you...
are you going to a wedding reception?
Why are you dressing like that?
I always dress like this.
When has your mom cooked?
In our Zhou family,
men always cook.
When have you cooked...
Yes. I've never cooked home.
It's always the men who cook in our family.
Mr. Zhou,
I'll be your helper.
Okay.
No, you won't.
Don't be so modest.
Let us see how well you cook.
Dad,
well,
he's a guest.
How can you ask a guest to cook?
Right.
Is he a guest?
Are you a guest?
If you consider yourself as that,
I'll doubt whether you wanna be
a future member of our family.
I'll try, Mr. Zhou.
The kitchen is over there.
Okay.
You can handle it.
Wow,
this is unexpected. He can cook.
I didn't know that either.
That's nothing. It just looks nice.
You have to taste it to see if it's good.
Go back to our room.
Why?
I need to do something.
What is it?
Tell you things about your son-in-law.
Open the door. Open the door.
Are you bored?
No.
Let me help you.
No, thanks.
Get out of here.
Don't underestimate me.
I can wash vegetables and things.
What shall I wash?
I'll do it myself.
Get out of here.
Why do you keep asking me to go?
Because your dad wants me
to obey rules
and behave properly.
Stay away from me.
No.
Stop playing around.
I...
Be a good girl.
Get out of here
and watch TV.
Be good.
Go and watch TV.
I don't wanna watch TV.
I wanna help you.
Be good.
Go.
Go, go, go.
Your lovable girl is back.
I'll count from one to three
and you'll let go.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
I'm not letting go of you.
What shall I do
so that you'll stop acting up?
Let me stay here and help you.
Stay away from me.
Don't move.
I have carefully
investigated him
and got so much information.
And you've got nothing.
Stop looking at your phone.
You have sat there for half an hour,
sulking in front of Fanzhou,
and didn't ask him anything.
Fanzhou, Fanzhou.
Are you close to him?
That's a must.
He's my future son-in-law.
I must be close to him.
And I think he matches
our daughter in every respect,
including appearance
and educational background.
I just can't get it.
Tell me.
Why do you think little of him?
What makes him unworthy of your daughter?
He's unworthy of her in every way.
Okay.
Fine.
Your daughter...
your daughter has many admirers.
She's an angel
and she can be part of a girl group.
Is that okay now?
As a teacher,
you indulge yourself in bands and groups.
Is that appropriate?
Of course it is.
I've got to catch up with my students.
Yasi.
Mr. Zhou,
the automatic vegetables-collecting
software you asked me to write is done.
I'll help you install it in a couple of days.
Thank you so much.
Getting up at midnight to steal vegetables
is too tiring.
Don't you feel ashamed?
My goodness,
AlphaGo is invincible already
but someone is still stealing vegetables.
Okay, okay.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Goodbye.
Well, well,
Yasi is such a good boy.
But he's still not your child.
And I don't think
Fanzhou is
worse than Yasi.
Look,
I won't approve of it.
Yasi has just reached
the standard of being my son-in-law.
That guy, whatever Zhou he is,
is not a patch on him.
Stop combing your hair.
Is that necessary?
None of your business.
I have to give my future son-in-law
a good impression.
Hello,
Mr. Zhou.
Yasi,
where are you?
Are you home?
Do you have anything to eat?
Coat the chicken wings
with flour.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
I really am.
I'm sorry.
I swear.
You're like a little cat now.
Dad,
I didn't.
You're so chicken.
Is that fun?
Yeah.
Let's do something funnier.
What are you thinking about?
Have fun yourself. I'm going.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao,
aren't you gonna help me set the table?
No.
Alright.
Why are you here?
What?
Am I not welcomed here?
Your dad asked me to come and have dinner.
My dad asked you to come?
Yes.
What smells so good?
What did Mrs. Zhou cook?
The cook today isn't my mom,
but Zhao Fanzhou.
You're in luck. I'm telling you.
Even I haven't tried things he cooked.
Fanzhou, are these dishes all?
Yes.
You also made soup.
Put it here.
Be careful.
It's hot.
Come on,
take a seat.
That's Zhou Xiao's seat.
Sit there.
I'm here.
Quickly. Ask Fanzhou
to sit and eat.
Come on,
eat.
Help yourself.
Okay, Mrs. Zhou.
Thank you so much today.
I didn't expect you could cook.
Our Zhou Xiao has gone
in the kitchen few times.
You haven't tried anything yet.
You're so careless with your comments.
Well, okay,
you're careful.
Please try some.
Make your comments.
How does it taste?
It's overcooked.
Let me try.
It looks fine.
It's good. Good.
Crisp on the outside
and tender on the inside.
Eat. Eat.
I'll try some, too.
Go on.
Eat.
Haven't you eaten any good things?
Okay,
you've eaten good things. Don't eat it.
I'll eat it.
Who cares?
I really didn't expect this.
Because kids of your age
usually can't cook
or even tell Chinese chives from wheat.
How come you can?
If Zhou Xiao is half as good as you,
that will be great.
Thank you, Mrs. Zhou.
Mom,
I'm also a good kid, okay?
Yasi,
eat.
It's nice.
Yasi!
What's the matter, Mr. Zhou?
Well,
didn't you design some software
for me to steal vegetables?
Yes. Why?
Awesome.
Lad,
you're very competent.
You'll be a pillar of our country
in the future.
What do you say, Zhao?
Yes.
Tell me.
Have you thought
about changing your major?
No.
Dad, what do you want to say?
What does he change it for?
He's doing well in it.
I hear he got a special grade scholarship
every year
and he'll be a medical examiner
after graduation.
Civil servants
are also pillars of the country, right?
He's not changing it.
Eat. Eat.
I didn't say he must do that.
Yasi,
you took part
in a contest
and won the first prize
and you're going abroad, right?
Yes.
I was the champion of ACM-ICPC, China.
Awesome.
You got a big prize, didn't you?
You can make money
at such a young age already.
It's your parents' good fortune to have you.
Thank you, Mr. Zhou.
It's useless however big the prize is.
He wasted all of it.
You're being jealous.
Ask him if you don't believe me.
What did you spend the money on? Tell him.
Tell him.
Equipment in games.
Don't talk while we're eating.
Just eat.
Don't linger.
Zhao has to go home later.
Don't.
Just stay here.
It's late. Stay here.
Don't go home.
Why are you all looking at me?
Eat.
Since then, the images of the missing kid
and the spooky murderer
have been haunting Chen Congjun.
He couldn't let it go.
Where's your dad?
I have no idea.
Thank you, Mrs. Zhou.
Cut some watermelon for us.
Later.
They're gonna solve this case.
Don't talk now.
I'll do it, Mrs. Zhou.
We've bothered you so much. I'll...
It's okay.
I'll go.
You watch TV.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
What a good kid.
I'm good, too.
It really tastes nice.
Mr. Zhou,
Mrs. Zhou wants to eat some watermelon.
Excuse me.
I really can't understand you.
I asked you to watch TV.
You stayed here.
We ate watermelon and you were still here.
You've hidden in this bedroom
for a night.
None of your business.
When did you get in?
Why did you come back here?
Go and stay with them in the living room.
Don't let them be alone.
Are you crazy?
What time is it already?
Can't I get Fanzhou a quilt to sleep with?
Why do you behave
as if I'm harassing you?
Obey rules.
Behave properly.
Master.
Miss,
please get a hold of yourself.
Why did you suddenly do that?
Zhou Xiao likes joking all the time.
I got you a quilt and a pillow.
Sorry that you have to sleep
on the sofa tonight.
It's okay.
Thank you, Mrs. Zhou.
You're welcome.
He doesn't have to sleep on the sofa.
He doesn't.
Where should he sleep, then?
Sleep with me.
It's so dusty.
It was just last week
that I won the provincial boxing match
for elderly people.
I just got this trophy.
This room is so dusty.
Don't sit there. Go to sleep.
I'll sleep after wiping this.
Mr. Zhou, let me do it for you.
Okay.
Wipe it clean.
Don't neglect the hollows.
Okay.
Wipe this one, too.
This, this
and these.
And these.
Okay.
Here.
Mainly here.
Okay.
Turn off the light.
Oh.
Liu Yong:
Fifteen Suggestions for My Daughter
on Being in a Relationship.
First,
you can let people know you're single
but
don't display your whole self under the sun.
Even if you have a lot of good points,
let him discover them himself.
Because only love
of some mystery
is beautiful.
Zhou Zhenguo, what are you playing
in this early morning?
Get out and turn it off.
Good morning, Mrs. Zhou.
Good morning.
You got up so early.
Did you sleep well?
Yes. Yes.
Mrs. Zhou,
is there anything I can do for you?
Help me set the table. Thanks.
Okay.
"Gee!"
With a moan,
the medical examiner stood up
and there was a dangerous look in his eyes.
He made a grab
at Detective Zhou's neck.
Stop reading. Let me sleep for five more minutes.
Detective Zhou spun
and kicked the medical examiner,
saying, "Ah, ah, ah, ah. Ah, ah."
My bad. I won't write novels anymore.
And then
the medical examiner
took out a sharp scalpel.
The edge shone on his face
and exposed a vicious smile.
Jesus,
you're the nastiest dad I've seen.
Morning.
You got toothpaste here.
The opposite side.
I wiped it off.
Thanks.
Are you awake now?
Can I not be?
Nothing.
Did you have a good sleep?
Kick his leg.
Kick it hard.
Give him a hook.
Hit him hard.
Kick him.
It was pretty good.
Okay, then.
Dad, morning.
Quickly.
Quickly. Make room.
Here comes the congee.
Is it Congee with Pork and Century Egg?
Yes.
Congee with Pork and Century Egg.
Let me tell you,
my mom's Congee with Pork and Century Egg
is superb.
Try it.
You must try it today.
It's first-class in the world.
Now my daughter can be
so thoughtful of others.
When haven't I been thoughtful?
Come on, try it.
Get it yourself.
I'll help you.
You have had two of four pieces
of fermented tofu.
Right. Can't we have one, too?
Can't the head of this family
have a piece of tofu?
Who?
Who's the head of this family?
We're a harmonious family and we shouldn't
talk about that, should we?
Things like that are divisive.
Eat it.
It's yours.
It's especially yummy.
Look at your daughter.
Mom.
You have high blood pressure.
Don't eat so much pickled food.
It contains preservative.
It won't go away even when you're dead.
Right. That will be a great burden
on the environment.
It's too bad.
Eat some fried dough. You've had much congee.
Mom. Don't steal my pickled mustard tuber.
What are you doing, mom?
I saved some for you.
I saved some.
There's still some of it.
Zhao Fanzhou,
they robbed me of my food.
The software Yasi designed for me
is really good.
Last night I stole
all vegetables of Headmaster Wang.
I'll drive him mad.
Dad, why do you always have it in
for Headmaster Wang?
Who has it in for him?
It's he who always has it in for me.
He envies my good harvest.
And you envy him
having less forehead wrinkles.
How are you talking to your dad?
Fanzhou,
have some fruit.
Okay. Thanks, Mrs. Zhou.
Help yourself.
Don't laugh at Zhou's forehead wrinkles.
Laugh at his salary if you want to.
His salary is 1,200 yuan
less than mine this month.
1,200 yuan.
Zhou, you'll be a kept man
if it goes on like this.
Fanzhou, help yourself.
Okay.
If you're free later,
let Zhou Xiao show you around.
There's a forest park here.
It's beautiful and the air is fresh.
Okay, Mrs. Zhou.
He's not going there.
He needs to go home later.
He's not going home.
Since he's here,
he can stay for a few days. Can't you?
If you don't need to go to the lab,
just stay for a couple
of days at my house.
Okay.
Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Zhou.
Not at all.
What a bad girl I have had.
(Dad)
Dad.
We're seeing him out. Be nice.
I am seeing him out.
Look at your long face.
Sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Zhou.
If my mom weren't feeling bad,
I would definitely stay here longer.
It's okay. We understand.
Next time you're here,
I'll prepare a nice meal for you.
Thank you, Mrs. Zhou.
You're welcome.
I'll call you when I'm home.
Mm.
Be careful on your way.
Well, you two talk for a while.
We'll go home.
Go.
What?
Go home.
Give the young people some space.
What space?
Just go now.
Go. Go.
Aren't you being foolish?
I have to watch that guy.
What if he behaves badly?
Stop calling him that guy.
Why do you always pick on him?
Was I picking on him?
I was checking if he reached my standard.
What side of him has
reached your standard?
He fries good chicken wings.
What?
Nothing.
He's nowhere near my standard.
Dear me,
you've really shocked me.
I'm leaving, then?
Mm.
Aren't you gonna have a look at me?
I thought you could stay
with me before I went to Beijing.
I'll go back and check on my mom.
If she's okay,
I'll come back in a few days.
For real?
Yes.
Well, Mrs. Zhao...
She should be alright.
She's just in a bad humor.
That's great.
Well,
off you go now.
I'll wait for you.
Go, go, go.
I...
Then I'm off.
Mm.
Bye-bye.
Come back early.
Dad,
mom.
Fanzhou,
sorry.
you've seen it
over the years.
I really can't stand her any longer.
Yesterday
I ate with a top executive
of another company.
Your mom rushed in
and flipped the table over.
(Divorce Settlement)
I've worked on the deal for over two years
and it fell through just like that.
Just because I didn't reply
to her Wechat messages at once.
I've thought about it for a night.
Anyway,
you've grown up
and we don't wanna keep torturing each other
for your sake anymore.
So,
it's all for my sake?
That's not what I meant.
Fanzhou,
when you were little,
we were a poor family
and I worked my guts out
just to make more money
and let you have a good life.
Perhaps
I was too busy with my job
and neglected both of you.
At that time,
your mom had a bad temper,
but I thought
when we had
a better life in the future,
she might
change.
I didn't expect
she would be
more and more bad-tempered.
It's so terrible
that even the little family love between us
was melted away.
I know I'm a bad husband and father.
I will
make amends to you
in the future.
You don't need to tell me these things.
I'll take care of my mom.
Fanzhou.
Off you go.
Otherwise, if she wakes up,
she'll lose her temper again.
Well,
just now when I poured her a glass of water,
I put some sleeping pills in it.
You put sleeping pills in it?
Fanzhou,
you didn't see your mom
being so hysterical.
And that situation
wasn't normal at all.
I was afraid she would hurt herself
so...
When your mom
was taken here,
she wasn't badly injured
but she suffered from emotional instability.
So the doctor
had to give her a sedative.
Now our psychiatrists
want to assess her,
so I came to tell you about it.
She would be given
a simple assessment tomorrow.
Dad,
take mom to hospital.
(Next Episode)
I suggest you take her to Beijing.
The day after tomorrow,
I'm afraid I can't go to Beijing with you.
I'll go to Beijing by high-speed rail
the day after tomorrow.
You're going to Beijing
the day after tomorrow?
Zhao Fanzhou.
You said you were at hospital.
You meant a hospital in Beijing?
Why didn't you tell me
when I said I'd be here for a summer camp?
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪